TestCases for https://www.saucedemo.com/

Author: Sai Krishna
Date: Nov 7 2021

Verify if a user is able to login with a valid username and valid password.
Verify that User is redirected to Products page after successful login
Verify that the User is not able to Login with an invalid Username and invalid Password
Verify that the User is not able to Login with a Valid Username and invalid Password
Verify that the User is not able to log in with an invalid Username and Valid Password
Verify the locked out error messgage while login with locked_out_user
Verify the images displayed when logged in with problem_user
Verify the error messages when the username & Password is left blank and Submit button is clicked.
Verify the login takes 5 seconds delay after clicking on submit using performance_glitch username
Verify the messages for invalid login.
Verify if the data in password field is either visible as bulletsigns
Verify if the login page allows to log in simultaneously with different credentials in a different browser.
Verify that the user is able to login by entering valid credentials and pressing Enter key.
Verify the time taken to log in with a valid username and password.
Verify the password entered should not be displayed developer tools(Displays in Value attribute)
Verify if the ui controls can be navigated using keystroke
Check the font type, & size and text written is visible
Verify the logo is diaplyed as per the specification
Verify the UI is responsive -- It should adapt to the different screen resolutions & devices
Verify the limit of unsuccessful login attempts
verify the generic error message is displayed instead of "Invalid Username" or "Invalid password" to avoid security issues
Verify the session timeout
Verify that clicking on the browser back button after successful login should not take the User to log out mode
Verify that clicking on the browser back button after successful logout should not take the User to a logged-in mode
Verify SQL injections attacks on login page. 
Verify XSS vulnerability should be blocked
Verify the password can be copy-pasted. System shouldn’t allow users to copy paste password.
Verify that encrypted characters in the “Password” field should not allow deciphering if copied
Verify that the User should be able to login with the new password after changing the password
Verify that the user should not be able to login with the old password after changing the password
Verify that spaces should not be allowed before any password characters attempted
Verify whether the user is still logged in after a series of actions such as sign-in, close the browser, and reopen the application.

